---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kypo_sandbox_allocation_unit Resource - terraform-provider-kypo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sandbox allocation unit
---

# kypo_sandbox_allocation_unit (Resource)

Sandbox allocation unit

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kypo_sandbox_definition" "example" {
  url = "git@gitlab.ics.muni.cz:muni-kypo-trainings/games/junior-hacker.git"
  rev = "master"
}

resource "kypo_sandbox_pool" "example" {
  definition = {
    id = kypo_sandbox_definition.example.id
  }
  max_size = 1
}

resource "kypo_sandbox_allocation_unit" "example" {
  pool_id = kypo_sandbox_pool.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pool_id` (Number) Id of the associated sandbox pool

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `warning_on_allocation_failure` (Boolean) Whether to emit a warning instead of error when one of the allocation request stages fails

### Read-Only

- `allocation_request` (Attributes) Allocation request of the allocation unit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocation_request))
- `cleanup_request` (Attributes) Cleanup request of the allocation unit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup_request))
- `created_by` (Attributes) Who created the sandbox allocation unit (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `id` (Number) Id of the sandbox allocation unit
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the allocation unit is locked. The allocation unit is locked when it is claimed by a Trainee and has an associated training run

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--allocation_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_request`

Read-Only:

- `allocation_unit_id` (Number) Id of the associated allocation unit
- `created` (String) Date and time when the allocation request was created
- `id` (Number) Id of the allocation request
- `stages` (List of String) Statuses of the allocation stages. List of three strings, where each is one of `IN_QUEUE`, `FINISHED`, `FAILED` or `RUNNING`


<a id="nestedatt--cleanup_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup_request`

Read-Only:

- `allocation_unit_id` (Number) Id of the allocation unit
- `created` (String) Date and time when the allocation request was created
- `id` (Number) Id of the cleanup request
- `stages` (List of String) Statuses of cleanup stages. List of three strings, where each is one of `IN_QUEUE`, `FINISHED`, `FAILED` or `RUNNING`


<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Read-Only:

- `family_name` (String) Family name of the user
- `full_name` (String) Full name of the user
- `given_name` (String) Given name of the user
- `id` (Number) Id of the user
- `mail` (String) Email of the user
- `sub` (String) Sub of the user as given by an OIDC provider
